Update sonata-project/datagrid-bundle version (#276)
sonata-project/SonataDashboardBundle: UPGRADE-0.x.md

UPGRADE 0.x
===========

> ### Add support for sonata-project/datagrid-bundle:^3.2

Reviewer: Bumping a major constraint is not a synonym of adding support.
Adding support is the case when you add support over the existing compatibility, IE `^2.3|^3.2`. But you are dropping support for `^2.3` here.

Author: ahh sry, i forget to update it

Reviewer: Almost there.

UPGRADE 0.x
===========

> ### Update SonataDatagridBundle version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dependencies
```

> Update **sonata-project/datagrid-bundle** version (from 2.3 to 3.2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The constraint for `sonata-project/datagrid-bundle` was bumped to `^3.2`.
```
